how about a picture dad was a senior on
a horse dad well there are large says
long before you were yeah I forgotten
all I know but I wasn't long before
humor having fun does it work the ride
we sore for a week yeah
well you can't do this on the beach and
California my butt is getting sore
turn turn
Sasha having fun is it worth your drive
not now she wants to move to Mexico what
we meant if we can get you out of the
country we might be staying the year you
might sasa so you can stay the night in
customs
how's your harsh good Ronnie I feel
sorry for him I don't think he's very
happy with me should have had a
Clydesdale er yes a bear
you
was treacherous no no no no no
are you
they have a movie yeah oh my god
Oh